You know, the first stock exchange
started in Belgium,
1531,
and for the next five centuries,
this flow of capital transformed the world
more than politics, religion, war.
And like all markets,
ours depends on rules.
The honest reporting of profit and loss.
You failed to do that. You...
You lied on your disclosure forms.
You raised $78 million
to build a tunnel under the border
that you never intended to build.
Five miles of road and rail,
flatbeds, pallets, people.
With entrances and exits
located at warehouses that you control.
Instead,
you invested the money
in Miami real estate.
Now, on Wall Street,
this kind of Ponzi scheme
would get you a slap on the wrist
and a Central Park co-op.
Your investors, however, the often
unscrupulous people you ripped off--
I think you see where I'm going with this.
It's nowhere good.
They're very emotional people.
And right now, their emotions
are tending towards usury and murder.
Luckily for you,
we have rules
that we've all agreed to follow.
To wit--
I have no idea what "to wit" means.
I just love the way it sounds.
Let's see.
Section 42, subparagraph C.
Punishments.
"To wit.
Punishments are
for the Chairman to decide."
Now, your investors want you dead.
I'm thinking more walking dead.
Living, breathing examples of what happens
when you break our rules.
These are the consent forms
you each signed,
consenting to abide by my decision.
And my decision is this.
Repayment in full, plus 20%...
and fingers.
Two from you.
Three from you.
From the hand you used
to sign your consent form.
You see, this is a blood oath.
You broke it.
So I get a piece
of what you broke it with.
Beth, you're the ringleader.
Lead the ring.
No, no. Please don't do this.
-[sobbing]
-Too late for that.
Uh, Joel, that's three from Beth.
Just work backwards from the pinkie.
Oh, and, uh, Beth?
Feel free to tell anybody who asks.
If they're gonna cheat,
cheat the stock market,
not the night market.
[Beth sobbing]
[screaming]
You know, MPD has nothing
on the bartender.
After a month.
It's like it never happened.
Well, he was hit by a pro.
Finding a clue trail's gonna take time.
I don't have time.
What I have is some voicebox
who keeps calling to remind me
he's got a gun to my head.
Next time he calls,
you'll be able to record his voice.
We'll see if we can't unscramble
the voicebox and get an ID.
What the hell are you looking for?
Mimi's missing.
A stuffed bunny. Yea big.
Charred feet.
A bunny with charred feet?
It's Agnes' transitional object.
At her age, isn't that a smartphone?
It belonged to her mother.
It played a key role in the breakup
of the Soviet Union.
The bunny did?
Thank you, by the way, for the phone
and for reviewing the case file again.
I've reviewed it three times.
Then thanks for reviewing it a fourth.
We have to find out what happened.
If the cops can't help,
we have to help ourselves.
[phone ringing]
Nick's Pizza.
Maybe they have the bunny.
[door opens]
Harold.
Please.
-Reading your future?
-[Raymond chuckles]
I don't know.
Mierce.
For me, it's just...
calming.
Is this about Elizabeth?
Her body needs to be exhumed, Harold.
Aram told me about the tracker.
That whomever wanted her dead
put it in her, not on her.
Yet you posted guards at her grave.
She's resting in peace.
I intend on keeping it that way.
Much of my world
exists right alongside yours.
People and organizations in our two worlds
have the same needs.
Security, medical care, air travel,
corporate infrastructure,
financial services.
Hence the night market,
a stock market for criminals.
The Sinaloa Cartel issues stocks?
Cartels. Gangs. Crime syndicates.
The yakuza is no different than Google.
They both issue stock to raise money
to pay for R&D, capital expenses
to expand their operations.
Are you in the market?
Of course. Capital markets are the key
to explosive growth in your world.
The night market is no different in mine.
I'd be a fool not to take advantage of it.
But you want us to bring it down.
The man in charge
is known as the Chairman.
I don't know his real name
or where exactly to find him.
He moves around a lot.
What I do know
is that he's a one-man SEC.
Judge, jury, and executioner.
These unfortunates
misled their investors
in advance of an IPO.
The Chairman did this?
To send a message.
Quite literally.
They take a photo
and disseminate it to the community.
You're wrong about Elizabeth.
She's not resting.
Nor in peace.
She's dead.
She can't be disturbed
because she doesn't exist.
We exist.
We hurt.
We are in pain.
And we need answers.
[Cooper] What you're looking at is
a black market stock market.
The night market is made up
of hundreds of companies
raising billions in capital.
But what companies?
What do the initials stand for?
According to Reddington, they're a code
he doesn't have the key to.
If this is an online trading platform,
why don't we just pull the plug?
Because the night market is hosted
on a decentralized blockchain network,
meaning it runs across 10,000 nodes
all over the world.
Even if we could shut one down,
the other 9999 would keep humming.
We'd basically have to disconnect
the entire Internet to stop it.
The only company Reddington
could identify is this one.
BKRC stands for Banda Korçë.
Albanian.
Specializing in extortion
and money laundering.
Casinos are their drug of choice.
A fact the Gaming Enforcement got wind of.
They opened up an investigation
into Tremont Casinos,
the legitimate company
the BKRC muscled in on,
and as a result, Tremont's stock
on Wall Street went down 30%, and yet--
On the night market, BKRC's up 25%.
[Park] How's that possible?
The investigation by Gaming Enforcement
should be bad for both companies.
Markets price in information.
If BKRC's stock is going up,
that means the criminal market knows
something the legitimate one doesn't.
Like what? They're gonna be able
to stop the investigation?
The night market is run by a man
who does this to people who cross him.
He's known as the Chairman.
To bring down the market,
we need to get him.
Maybe the way to do that
is to get to BKRC.
Dembe, Park, go to Gaming Enforcement,
see what they know.
Did Reddington say anything
about the guards posted at the cemetery?
He did. He wasn't happy about it.
His concern is our need for closure,
not hers for peace and tranquility.
His need or ours?
If what you're asking is,
"Do the guards stay?"
the answer is yes.
All right. Thank you.
Look, I want answers
as much as Reddington,
but not at the expense
of disturbing Liz's remains.
Tremont's stock is in a nose dive
because our investigation is rock solid.
We know they're in business
with Banda Korçë.
That Banda Korçë is run by Driton Abazi
and that he's using Tremont's casinos
to launder money.
What's your timeline?
When do you plan on arresting Abazi?
He's smart.
Insulated. But we've finally got
someone on the inside.
Your inside source. What's his name?
If you approach him, he might run scared.
Everything we've worked on could be lost.
We wanna make sure he's okay.
Why wouldn't he be?
What aren't you telling us?
It's conventional wisdom
in the criminal world
that your investigation's going nowhere.
Since it rests on this source,
it stands to reason
that his life may be in danger.
It's not a "he."
It's a "she."
And we have no case without her.
Thanks for the Dom, baby.
Lorik gave it to me
but he didn't tell me what it was for.
It's a going-away present.
I like the sound of that.
Where are we going?
A toast.
To stupidity.
That's a dumb toast.
Well, we are dumb people.
I'm stupid for thinking that you loved me,
and you're stupid for thinking
I wouldn't find out what you did.
What are you talking about?
Don't talk. Drink.
If you have enough before he gets there,
it might not hurt as much.
If this is a joke, it's not funny.
It's not a joke.
It's a going-away present.
-I don't understand. Where are we going?
-We're not going anywhere.
You are. To a very painful place.
The champagne may numb it.
That's it. My present.
To numb the pain.
It's the classic love story.
Boy meets girl, girl betrays boy,
boy has psychopath dismember girl.
It's so clichéd, it's almost boring.
I didn't betray anybody.
That would be hard to prove.
Gaming Enforcement
encrypts all of its files.
Unfortunately, someone forgot
to firewall the copy machine.
You don't believe him, right?
Look, please, I didn't--
[Chairman] You know,
I love reading quarterly reports.
Examining financial disclosures.
Regulating the market.
The part of my job I detest
is enforcement.
Lately, it seems like all I do.
Two years.
We've spent two years
trying to turn Tsiona Stern.
And then we show up and she disappears.
[Laren] Disappears? She's dead.
She didn't miss a check-in, not one,
until you started asking around.
Ms. Stern put her life at risk
to help expose Banda Korçë.
That was very brave.
And we can honor that bravery
by carrying on with her work.
You by going back to your office,
reviewing your files
and seeing where the case stands.
We, by looking into her murder.
We can't do that without names.
Family. Friends. Who was closest to her?
She had a sister.
Ressler, get her name and number.
Take Dembe. See what she knows.
Find anything on the bartender?
Maybe yes, maybe no.
The bartender was close
with a woman he worked with.
Did the police talk with her?
They tried,
but she wouldn't return their calls.
Cops got busy, had other leads,
she fell through the cracks.
Turned out she didn't return their calls
because she disappeared.
Left her apartment the day
after the murder. Hasn't been seen since.
-Do you have a name?
-I do.
That's all I have.
May be a lead, maybe not.
Hey, uh, by the way,
did you ever find the bunny
that solved the Cold War?
Hell of a bedtime story.
Mimi belonged to Agnes' mother.
Holding onto it is...
like holding on to her.
And yeah, it's a hell of a story.
One I'm not sure I should tell Agnes.
-Her mother's part in it was complicated.
-Agnes deserves the truth.
Even the parts that are complicated.
You think that extends
to how her mother died...
which might be
the most complicated part of all?
Well, of all the parts of the story
you have to tell,
that's the most important one.
Without it, she'll never get closure.
Thanks, Lew.
For the advice.
And for this.
Yeah. Hey, did voicebox ever reach out?
Not yet. But it's been a few weeks,
-so it's only a matter of time.
-All right.
Hey.
I'd like to meet.
No.
At the cemetery.
I begged her not to cooperate
with the cops.
I told her just to get out.
But she was stuck on the guy.
If she cared for Abazi,
why'd she inform on him?
It was volatile,
passionate.
Spite. Anger. Jealousy.
The trifecta of the scorned lover.
So Abazi cheated on her.
He's a thug.
Hurting people,
skimming off casino profits.
She might've gone against him anyway,
but Felicia sure helped.
Felicia?
Dawson.
She's a dealer he moved
into one of his suites at the casino.
Tsiona followed him there,
expecting to catch him with Felicia.
Which she did,
as well as finding him
having some kind of business meeting.
You wanna bug a suite at the casino?
The informant's sister says that's
where Abazi conducted a lot of business.
The suite's rented in the name
of his girlfriend. His other girlfriend.
A Felicia Dawson.
[Dembe] Former casino employee.
-Divorced, 5-year-old daughter.
-Now consorting with criminals.
Should be enough to pull a warrant,
hear what they talk about.
Hopefully hear enough from Abazi
to get to the Chairman.
Getting a warrant may not be
the problem. Installing the bug is.
I do not envy the guy
who has to slip in and out
of the love nest of an Albanian mobster.
-Room service.
-Hands out.
[Felicia] I'm not doing it.
Doing what?
I'm asking you to meet some people.
[Felicia] I know
what you're asking me to do,
and the answer is no.
Call me back when you're alone.
What are you looking at?
Oh. Uh, nothing.
I will just put things out.
Very good.
[sniffling nearby]
Oh.
Hello.
I'm guessing the hot dog is for you.
Wanna eat it down here?
Okay.
One hot dog coming up.
There you go. Voila.
What's wrong?
Parents fighting?
They're not my parents.
He's not.
What's that?
I saw you put it there.
That? Oh. Um...
That's part of a magic trick.
If it's done right,
Mr. Abazi will disappear.
People can't disappear.
Not normally, no.
But, uh, this--
this is a very special trick.
But for it to work, you can't tell anyone.
Not even your mom.
Think you can do that?
But if he goes, will he ever come back?
Of course not.
It's magic.
[Cooper] Agnes is doing well.
At school,
she's getting mostly A's.
A B-plus in math.
She doesn't really like math.
Neither do I.
She's got lots of friends.
At the moment, her biggest concern
is that we've misplaced Mimi.
I'm sure she'll turn up,
but for now, the house
has been turned upside down.
When my father died,
I kept a little painting of his.
He always wished he'd been a real painter.
But at least there was the one.
He took terrible care of it,
so it's faded and torn.
But it reminded me of him, so I...
kept it in the bathroom.
Every morning,
he and I would have a little chat.
Why do we do that,
talk to the dead?
They're gone. Why do we talk to them?
But they're not gone.
As long as we're here,
they're here with us.
Where are the guards?
I dismissed them.
If Elizabeth is watching over us...
I think she'd want Agnes
to know the truth.
At least...
as much of it as we can give her.
Thank you.
I'll get a court order.
If we're gonna do this,
we're gonna do it the right way.
Hello, Elizabeth.
[Cooper] Where did you find it?
[Raymond] Under the seat.
Agnes fell asleep
on the way back from the opera.
-Must've dropped it.
-Been looking everywhere.
You have no idea what a relief this is.
Of course I do.
Elizabeth couldn't sleep.
Colicky.
But more often than not,
when she scrunched that bunny
against her cheek,
she was...
calm.
Quiet.
You should've taken her to the opera.
That'll put anyone to sleep.
Harold, please instruct
the medical examiner
to be as respectful as possible.
Why? Because I'm terrified
for my daughter.
Yes, names, dates.
That's fine. Rogers Park, 3:00.
The meeting's set with King and McVay.
You did good.
Even I believed you betrayed me.
I heard Abazi and Felicia arguing.
This could be why.
He's using her to set up King and McVay.
[Abazi] This is how it's gonna go.
Lorik drives, get out,
enter the park.
When they approach,
you drop your sunglasses,
bend down to pick them up.
Lorik does the rest.
Meaning he kills them.
Meaning that whatever it is,
you don't have to worry about it.
[Ressler] Dembe and I will go to the park.
You let King and McVay know
they're walking into a trap.
Does Abazi actually think killing
the two people investigating him
will stop the investigation?
He's not thinking. He's reacting.
Like a cornered animal lashing out.
[Lily] Mommy!
[Felicia] Mommy's gonna go run an errand.
Driton's coming over
to be with you while I'm gone, okay?
Don't worry, kid.
We'll have a good time.
Please make him disappear.
Sir, sir.
About, uh, Driton Abazi--
Not now, okay?
-Is everything all right?
-I'm sure it will be. It's just--
The exhumation. I ordered it.
Pursuant to an order issued
by Superior Court Judge Victoria Shapiro,
we are conducting an exhumation autopsy
on Elizabeth Keen.
The purpose of the autopsy is to determine
whether Agent Keen ingested
a tracking device
which remains inside her post mortem.
All right, then.
Where are we on King and McVay?
That was their supervisor.
They're not picking up his calls or mine.
Not surprised. After what happened,
they don't trust anybody, especially us.
[Ressler] All right.
This could be the agents arriving.
Here comes King and McVay.
[Dembe] I'll keep eyes on the driver.
Thanks for coming.
We wanna start by saying
we will protect you.
I wish you could.
But you can't even protect yourselves.
It's a hit.
FBI, stand back!
-You all right?
-[Dembe] Get away from the car.
Donald Ressler, FBI.
-You need to come with us.
-I can't.
My daughter.
We know about your daughter.
-Is she all right?
-She will be if you come with us. Now.
[Felicia] It's done.
But Lorik was shot.
I don't know. One of the agents,
I think, before they were killed.
I don't know.
It all happened so fast, I just--
Baby, I'm scared.
I need you to come and get me.
And I need you to bring Lily.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, I know where that is.
He's coming for me.
But you can't do anything
until I have my daughter.
Where did Abazi tell you to meet?
-[Felicia] Hi, baby!
-Mommy!
I did what you asked me to do.
What else would I do? You had Lily.
Driton, please.
You're okay.
FBI! Hands! Hands!
[Dembe] FBI. You're under arrest.
-[agent 1] Let's see them.
-[agent 2] Turn around.
And clear.
[agent 3] Stand down.
I told you he'd disappear.
[whispers] Good job.
I'll update Cooper on Abazi's arrest.
-Has he talked to you about Elizabeth yet?
-No. Why, what about her?
[Cooper] The M.E. found the tracker.
I'll get there as soon as we can.
We should discuss what comes next.
Is it true about Liz?
That you pulled the guards? Dug her up?
I know how you feel, but I decided
it was the right thing to do.
You decided?
-Yes.
-Reddington put you up to this.
-They found the tracker.
-All you did was desecrate her grave.
Elizabeth would've wanted us to do this.
She would want us to know
who's responsible for her death.
You wanna know
who's responsible for killing her?
It was Reddington.
[Chairman] Contact Pilken.
Tell him we're done with Abazi
and have him delist Banda Korçë.
-The stockholders won't be happy.
-We have rules.
When a company is in legal trouble,
they're sacrificed to protect the market.
Clean the place,
collect every flash drive,
every file, every Post-It Note.
If it so much as mentions
the night market, I want it destroyed.
What about Abazi? Will he talk?
He's seen how we deal with informants.
He won't say a word.
-He won't talk.
-Did he lawyer up?
No. He's terrified of the Chairman.
We said we'd protect him, he laughed.
[Cooper] What about Felicia?
I think she'd cooperate
if it meant protecting her daughter,
but I don't think she knows anything.
So we're nowhere on connecting
Abazi to the night market.
Hey. So I've been looking
into the tracker, and--
I don't suppose
you're interested in an update.
You suppose right.
It is incredibly cool.
I mean, uh, well, not the way
it was used, of course,
but big picture, this thing is insane.
It has a power supply and a microprocessor
that is only activated to transmit data
when it comes into contact
with the target's digestive enzymes.
I must say I've had my fill of analyzing
the contents of people's stomachs of late.
Oh, that's understandable.
Is there a signature of any kind
to identify where it was made or by whom?
I don't know. Maybe.
I need to keep looking.
That's what I want you to do.
There can't be many people capable
of making something this advanced.
I'm confident we'll find him.
More confident than I am
that we'll find the Chairman.
-Abazi won't talk.
-Of course not.
But you don't really need him to.
He's our connection to the Chairman,
a connection
we can't make unless he talks.
So just say that he talked.
Tell the world that you've been
investigating the night market
and are preparing to shut it down.
-None of which is true.
-What is true, Harold,
is that rumor can drive the market.
That's why Banda Korçë's stock went up,
on the rumor that they'd found
the government informant.
You wanna flush out the Chairman?
Spread the rumor
that Abazi sang like a canary.
Which no one can contradict
because he's in custody.
You want me to lie at a press conference?
I want you to apply situational ethics,
which I find to be immensely enjoyable
and ruthlessly effective,
and would make for a fantastic board game.
We got everything. Notebooks, tablets.
There's nothing left that can hurt us.
Yeah, it's me.
We need a circuit breaker, Level 3.
Yes, now, before the market
drops another 20%.
-What's going on?
-I'm trying to find out.
Mr. Abazi is wanted in connection
with extortion and money laundering.
His company also trades on a criminal
stock market known as the night market.
Mr. Abazi has agreed to cooperate fully--
Call a meeting. All the board members.
-Can't believe he talked.
-He didn't. It's a trick.
I need to make sure
nobody else falls for it.
Chum's in the water.
Our shark won't be able to resist.
-I hope you're right.
-Take the win, Harold.
You did well.
[buzzing]
-[distorted voice] Andrew Kennison.
-I don't know who that is.
-I need him to go away.
-Go away?
Disappear, new identity, new life.
-Why?
-Because I said so.
Lew, I'm glad you got a lead, but
the bartender's friend will have to wait.
He called, with a demand.
I can't talk about it now.
Just get here soon.
-Any word from Ressler?
-No.
I reached out, but he didn't answer.
-I'm worried about him.
-He's upset.
Understandable. But he'll be fine.
Sir, your bluff worked. Check it out.
It is a huge sell-off.
The rumor about Abazi telling us
about the night market spooked investors.
The market was down 20%
before trading was halted.
Hang on. Can you stop it?
-Every stock is down, except that.
-[Cooper] An interesting anomaly.
But I don't see how one company bucking
the market is relevant to our case.
Maybe not. But that is a company
I wish I could invest in.
In a way you do.
"COC" stands for Concierge of Crime.
Reddington. It's his company.
You told your investors it was a bluff.
That's why your stock's going up
and everybody else is tanking.
-You traded on insider information.
-I didn't.
But not on principle, mind you.
I'd do it if it were in my interest.
But in this case, it's not.
You didn't bring us this case
to take down the night market
but to drive up your share price.
Actually, I was aiming for bankruptcy
and all the freedom that that implies.
You know, between the exhumation
and other things I'm dealing with,
I don't have the bandwidth
for your nonsense.
Other things? Do tell.
Why? You never do.
Harold, the market is teetering,
but it will recover unless
you move on the Chairman.
Thanks to your bluff,
I know how you can do that.
-How?
-He's called a meeting.
-I'm on my way to it now.
-Where?
I'll tell you, but first, you'll have to
give me time to say my piece and go.
Some of you are new to the market,
others have been listed for years.
But this is the first time
any of us have met in person.
That should give you an idea of
how important I feel this meeting is.
Now, together, your companies
represent 15% of our market cap.
What you do matters.
If you panic, others panic.
If you don't, we can weather any storm.
But can we weather the FBI?
Well, if they have anything, maybe not.
But they don't. Abazi didn't talk.
Now, the FBI said that he did
because they wanna scare investors,
get them to panic.
If they could hurt us, they would.
But they can't, so they started a rumor
hoping we'll hurt ourselves,
and that is exactly what we're doing.
Twenty-five million.
I'll put that in the market by tomorrow,
a leadership investment to calm
some obviously frayed nerves.
Mr. Reddington, thank you.
That is what we need.
Send a signal to the other investors
that the FBI is all sizzle, no steak.
-I do have one condition.
-Which is?
The name of the lead investor
in my company.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Thirty million.
Mr. Reddington, I talked about privacy.
We have rules.
Bend them. Thirty-five.
-Give me a number. You must have one.
-But I don't.
You're willing to risk the market
to protect the identity
of a single investor?
I designed the market interface
to protect against this kind of bribe.
Or was that a threat?
I anticipated the need
to keep men like you
from hanging me off the side of a building
every time they felt cheated
by a short sale,
so I made sure the identity of
each and every investor was shielded,
even from me.
Well, I'm sure you all
have more to discuss,
but I've said what I came to say
and heard what I care to hear,
so please excuse me.
[door opens]
Andrew Kennison. Who is he?
[Cooper] An MIT grad student.
What his connection is to this,
I have no idea.
Voicebox wants him disappeared.
New ID, a new life.
Okay. So that's what you do.
-Kidnap a grad student?
-Buy time.
Keep voicebox happy
until we've had a chance
to talk to the bartender's friend.
I've got a line on her.
She headed down south.
Maybe she could tell us
who put him up to doping you,
which would prove your innocence.
[phone ringing]
Not a good time.
Then I'll be brief. 3726 Sheridan Road.
They have backup, so come heavy.
What can we tell Kennison
to convince him to come with me?
My vote? The truth.
I need to speak with my team,
give them an assignment.
Then I'll pay Mr. Kennison a visit.
Yes, while a leveraged buyback will
increase the debit on your balance sheet,
-we have a number of offshore--
-[agent] FBI!
Hands up!
[man] Fine, fine.
Abazi did talk.
Sang like a bird.
And the melody...
it was all about you.
Andrew Kennison?
-Harold Cooper, FBI.
-Whoa. What's this about?
We have reason to believe
your life is in danger.
An agent with the Bureau
has been compromised.
He's being blackmailed,
and the blackmailer
wants him to abduct you.
-That's insane. Why?
-I was hoping you could tell me.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Is this some kind of joke?
This is deadly serious.
I've contacted the Marshals Service.
They'll move you somewhere safe
until the danger has passed.
Move me? Move me where?
I'll explain it all in the car.
[Dembe] The codes,
how do you decrypt them?
We have rules. I don't break them.
Name the companies
that trade on the night market
and you can help yourself.
Perhaps, save yourself.
I'm here because you lied.
Now you want me to break my word?
And you're the good guys.
You created a market that channeled
billions into criminal enterprises.
Enron, Tyco, AIG, Freddie Mac.
Who channeled billions to them?
Have you arrested anyone on Wall Street
who financed their crimes?
Hey, how about credit default swaps?
Sub-prime lending?
In 2008, those markets
crashed the world economy,
wiped out over $10 trillion
worth of wealth,
cost 8 million people their jobs.
Did you arrest anyone for that? Oh, yeah.
One guy.
One.
I may lose my freedom,
but if it's all the same to you...
I'll keep my integrity.
[Raymond] Harold, come in. Have a seat.
-Can I get you anything?
-No, I'm fine.
After Elizabeth died...
I...
let things go.
A lot of things.
People, businesses,
trade routes, landing rights.
Streams of income.
When I came back, I was...
illiquid.
So I incorporated
and sold stock on the night market
and got what I needed.
And something I didn't.
Greenmail, a hostile takeover.
By whom? I don't know.
But someone courted
my shareholders in secret and bought
a controlling interest in my... company.
That's why you wanted to drive down
the share price, to force them out.
Yes, but they refused to sell.
Whoever it is, has a stranglehold
on me and they won't let go.
That's what you wanted
from the Chairman, a name.
The tracking device, where are we on it?
According to Aram, there's nothing
in DARPA's files or the NSF.
He's still looking,
but we haven't traced it to anyone yet.
-You think they're connected.
-Maybe.
Or had someone give it to her.
Does it work? To calm you down?
And if so, can you teach me how to do it?
The other things you're dealing with.
I'm down a path.
It's dark, and taking me
to places I don't wanna go.
I wanna turn back...
but I don't know how.
I was born to a dark path.
It's the only path I know.
I've learned how to
recognize light when I see it.
To stop and stare.
I reach for it.
In the hope that it will...
shed its light on me.
And every once in a while,
I'm able to bask in its warmth
for a moment, before...
moving on in the dark.
That's my life.
Don't make it yours.
Go home to your wife and kid.
Hey.
You okay?
I'm told they're bringing her back.
Are you okay?
I didn't fall off the wagon,
if that's what you're asking.
I thought about it.
These last few weeks, I felt so good.
But this?
I'm not gonna lie,
this was a real gut punch.
Of course it was.
But you need to find a way
to take life's punches without slipping.
And we're here to help you do that.
"We"?
I was worried. I didn't know
where you'd gone, so I told them.
Told them what?
Everything, back to the pee test.
I get it if you're mad.
but they care for you and wanna help.
It's all good.
None of us are perfect.
Look, I appreciate what you're doing,
but we're not in the same boat.
Okay, I walked away
from a multimillion-dollar startup
after blowing my life savings and the life
savings of my closest friend's parents.
I lied to my husband
about being a field agent.
You also lied about being a paid assassin.
He offered blind loyalty
to the most wanted fugitive in the world.
I wake up in strange rooms.
Naked.
Covered in vomit.
You're right. That's a different boat.
It's a different ocean.
Which is why we're here.
You can't slay demons alone.
None of us can.
Look, if you don't wanna do this for us,
then let us do it for her.
It's what she'd expect us to do.
[Cooper] Look who I found.
Meems!
-Where was she?
-In Pinky's car.
You left her there after the opera.
You know you can ask me anything.
About your mom, your grandparents.
Whatever questions you have,
I'll tell you what I know.
Okay.
About Mimi too.
Mimi?
She's a very special bunny.
See this scar?
She got it after your grandfather
hid a flash drive inside of her
that contained a very important secret.
What kind of secret?
A secret that changed
the course of world history.
The entire world is the way it is
because of a secret
hidden inside that bunny.
By my grandfather?
Yes.
Raymond Reddington.
That's Pinky's name.
Yes, well, it's a long story.
But it's my story.
Yes, I guess it is.
Tell it.
[Frankie Miller's "After All" playing]
Once upon a time,
a woman named Katarina
met a man named Raymond.
One was Russian, one was American.
And they spied for their countries
and on each other.
And they didn't agree on anything,
except that they loved their daughter...
your mother...
more than life itself.
They weren't alone in that, by the way.
A lot of people loved your mother.
♪ I found after all the searching ♪
♪ Life was only how you take it ♪
♪ After all the searching
For new games to play ♪
♪ I live my life away ♪
[theme music playing]